# CS-320-Software-Automation-QA
•	How can I ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure?
Testing is a great way to ensure that a code, program, or software is functional. By dynamically testing code any errors present will become visible. For instance, if you have code to create and add an object to a hash map, a unit test can then be used to ensure the functionality of both creating and adding an object. If there are any errors the test will fail telling you that something is wrong with the code. To ensure the security of your code you should always use best coding practices. For instance, all variables should have a length limit, as well as a length minimum if applicable (e.g. no null variables). Encryption should also be used as necessary to ensure sensitive data is protected. Certificates can also be used to add security when connecting with a server. 
•	How do I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program?
User needs should be turned into requirements. These requirements should then be coded. Once coded, functionality should be tested, and requirements should also be double checked. This ensures the code works, and all requirements are accounted for in the code. 
•	How do I approach designing software?
The first step of software design should be gathering requirements. Once requirements are gathered they should be tested to ensure they meet client and user needs. When this is done the code can be written, using the requirements as a blueprint. The software should revolve around requirements, and testing should be done consistently. By doing this one can ensure the code does what it needs to and is functional.  
